palabra reservada int
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada int
identificador c
constante 1
 ,
 _
 ,
constante 5
 ]
 ;
palabra reservada int
identificador j
 [
 ]
 ;
palabra reservada ulong
identificador p
 [
constante 3
constante 2
 _
 ]
 ,
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada int
identificador q
 [
constante 8
 ;
palabra reservada begin
identificador a
 :=
 ;
identificador a
identificador b
 ]
 :=
constante 8
 ;
identificador a
 [
identificador b
 :=
identificador j
 ;
identificador a
 [
 ]
 :=
constante 2
 ;
identificador b
 :=
palabra reservada to_ulong
 (
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada print
 (
constante 3
 )
 ;
palabra reservada print
 (
cadena 3
 ;
palabra reservada foreach
palabra reservada in
identificador b
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
 ;
palabra reservada foreach
identificador a
palabra reservada in
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
 ;
palabra reservada foreach
identificador a
identificador b
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
 <
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 <
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
 (
identificador a
 <
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 <
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 <
identificador b
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 ==
identificador b
 )
palabra reservada begin
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 ==
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 ==
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
identificador a
 [
identificador b
 ]
 :=
identificador c
 [
identificador b
 ]
 ;
palabra reservada foreach
identificador a
palabra reservada in
identificador b
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
 ;
palabra reservada if
 (
identificador a
 <
identificador b
 )
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada else
identificador b
 :=
identificador a
 ;
palabra reservada end_if
 ;
identificador a
 :=
identificador b
 ;
palabra reservada end
